Update Ceramic metadata field to use $comment field (#104)
ceramicnetwork/CIP: CIPs/CIP-88/CIP-88.md

## Motivation

As commented in https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/CIP/issues/82#issuecomment-787449788 the `$id` cannot be used to define Ceramic-specific extensions as intended in [CIP-82](https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/CIP/blob/main/CIPs/CIP-82/CIP-82.md).

A previous version of this CIP relied on creating a custom namespace for Ceramic-specific metadata using the non-standard `$ceramic` key, but it was not compatible with the "strict mode" of the JSON validation library used in Ceramic (AJV).

> Instead, this CIP would rely on the `$comment` field that is supported by AJV's strict mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, this CIP relies on the `$comment` field that is supported by AJV's strict mode.
```
